After the player hits level 2 every once in a while when the player goes into a new map a pop up will appear saying
"your presence has been felt!". A powerful black monster will be on the map and take one step closer to you every turn
and the only way to kill it will be to find an herb on the map and drop that herb on the monster and then it can be killed.

After the fourth time, or so, that happens the player will notice a symbol on the monster that is the symbol of the game.
The player sees a pop up saying he should ask around about this symbol.
the next time the player enters the castle the innkeeper will instantly appear and say that his partner the blacksmith was just
kipnapped by some black monsters and the only way to find them is to collect items from creatures and plants to make a potion
to sprinkle onto the portal and then the portal will take you to the monsters.

Once they find the monsters the partner will tell the player that he was kidnapped because he once worked as a blacksmith in a
black tower and a prince of that land told him to create a powerful indestructable breastplate for the kings army that will turn
the person who wore it invisible and cause them to do double the damage that they would normally inflict in combat.
But once the blacksmith created it he learned that the prince was going to use it to overthrow the king and take over the land.
The blacksmith was loyal to the king and ran away hiding the breastplate. The blacksmith knew that he would eventually be found
and tortured until he gave up where he hid the breastplate so he had his memory blanked by a wizard so even when he was caught he
would not be able to tell where the breastplate was.
The player then recieves coordinates to where the wizard lives and clicks on the portal to go there.

When the player gets to the map he will be attacked by an invisible target that will beat him down to one hit point.
Once he is almost dead the wizard will appear saying the player is strong but not strong enough. The wizard then says that the
player might be useful to him and makes the player one of his generals in his future army and needs the player to build him a city to
help him take over the land.
The player gets a quest to build 4 buildings and one of them needs to be a house.

The wizard tells the player that he will meet him at the players house after the fourth building is made.

After building 3 buildings the blacksmith hears what happened with the wizard and wants to speak to the player as soon as possible.
The blacksmith tells the player that the magic that holds the breastplate together has a flaw that he could not fix, if the
breastplate comes in contact with a hops, water and salt mixture its abilities fade away until the mixture is washed off.
So beer with salt in it should do the trick, the blacksmith give the mixture to the player.

When the player creates the fourth building the wizard will show up when the player enters his house.
They will talk and the option to throw the mixture on the wizard will come up and when the player does they will appear right outside
the house and fight.

When the player wins he will get the breastplate but it will need to be cleaned by the blacksmith, this will take 1 hour (real time).

All this time the player should still be being attacked by the black monsters.

Once its cleaned the player picks up the breastplate only to find that the mixture that was thrown onto it had a worse affect than
originally thought, the breastplate no longer turns the person invisible. The blacksmith could fix it but the cost would be around
7,000 gold. (the player can chose if they want this or not)

The blacksmith has a potion made for the player that he can put on the portal and there will be a 20% chance to get to the map that
has the black castle on it because the black castle teleports to a new location every 24 hours and it is difficult to pinpoint the next
location.

When the player finally finds the map it will only contain black monsters in it instead of the normal random monsters.

when the player finds the castle there will be a custom map that looks like the inside of a castle and it will have black monsters in it.

When the throne room is found the player encounters the Princes advisor sitting on the throne and tells the player that the player is
actually the prince and the advisor cast a spell on the player to wipe his memory and power and alter the princes appearance because it
was the Princes plan to secretly infultrate the surrounding area to try to find the blacksmith and the breastplate. The prince had to
have his memory and power taken away because if the prince ever ran into a wizard they would be able to detect his power and read his
mind and it would give him away.

But soon after the advisor erased the princes memory and power he realized that this was his chance to easily take the throne. The advisor
was the one that was sending the black monsters to find the prince and kill him and it was him who tried to kidnap the blacksmith to try
to find the breastplate.
The advisor and the player now battle.

When the player wins, the black monsters will no longer attack him.
Since the advisor was the one who removed the princes power and memories the prince will never return to normal.